Summoning Shato
How much test comes last
What happens if prominent
Kate mutters
In reality, peace of mind
with nothing
is considered smokeless.
Dologons and spies
Bald and tall
Spread on the island
Wind blows in winter
Playing music in the forest
This is the sand of Tatsuma
Some day
With Zero and Allen...
they're almost like a meal.
The strong luck reflects the pulse of Man's master...
watch your words, an minimalist.
With images we can polsk
Wake up, here we come...
And this is your last moment.
Don't be afraid.
This is something we brought all of a sudden.
April 3 years later,
Under the influence of waterizing funktion...
In flowingальная, in the разб